README.md, before:

# Node Rest API

A simple node rest API in Typescript.

## API

### Start

To start the server, run `make run`

### Endpoints

POST /users
GET /events
POST /events

### Consuming

To create a user, run:

```bash
curl -d '{"email":"stuart.zahn@gmail.com", "password":"123"}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST http://localhost:3000/users
```

To create an event:

```bash
curl -d '{"type":"LOGIN"}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST http://localhost:3000/events
```

To get all events:

```bash
curl http://localhost:3000/events
```

To get events by user:

```bash
curl http://localhost:3000/events?userId=abc
```

To get events in the last day:

```bash
curl http://localhost:3000/events?sinceDays=1
```
## Improvments

- Make data calls async
- Sanitize input data
- Add unit tests and mocks
- Configure with environment variables
- Secure with certs from Let's Encrypt
- Add proper OAuth authentication
- Persist data layer to sql
- Build to docker container
- Support additional content types (such as XML)
- Add gRPC endpoints for binary support
- Use logging library (such as Honeycomb)

Commit message:

updated user id is obtain for event creation

README.md, after:

# Node Rest API

A simple node rest API in Typescript.

## API

## Setup

Use `NPM` or `Yarn` to install dependencies (`make init`).

### Start

To start the server, run `make run`

### Endpoints

POST /users
GET /events
POST /events

### Consuming

To create a user, run:

```bash
curl -d '{"email":"stuart.zahn@gmail.com", "password":"123"}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST http://localhost:3000/users
```

To create an event:

```bash
curl -d '{"type":"LOGIN"}' -H "x-user-id: user-abc" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST http://localhost:3000/events
```

To get all events:

```bash
curl http://localhost:3000/events
```

To get events by user:

```bash
curl http://localhost:3000/events?userId=user-abc
```

To get events in the last day:

```bash
curl http://localhost:3000/events?sinceDays=1
```

## Assumptions

One big assumption here is that the user id for event tracking is obtained from a [JWT bearer token](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7523) as the user we want to track events for must be authorized to do so first.

The solution was designed to be compiled in an unix environment, but could also run on Windows.

## Improvments

- Additional CRUD endpoints as time permits
- Make data calls async
- Sanitize input data
- Add unit tests and mocks
- Configure with environment variables
- Secure with certs from Let's Encrypt
- Add proper OAuth authentication
- Persist data layer to sql
- Build to docker container
- Support additional content types (such as XML)
- Add gRPC endpoints for binary support
- Use logging library (such as Honeycomb)
